
I think I might have been a lawyer in my past life, because I am obsessed with everything related to law or courtroom dramas. 

As I said, I love law. Whether it's keeping up with the latest news, watching famous or infamous celebrity trials, you know who I'm talking about, or just watching my favorite series or movie like Legally Blonde. So today we're going to go through courtroom expressions. This will help you understand news headlines or your favourite movie a little bit better.  

Number one, pleaded the Fifth. Did you know that Trump pleaded the Fifth more than four hundred times during a deposition? But what does that mean? When someone pleads the Fifth, it means that they choose not to answer a question because it might incriminate them. Fifth refers to the Fifth Amendment of the US Constitution. Fun fact, there are twenty seven in total. 

This story requires two expressions, so I'm gonna do number two and three together. Defamation, unanimous decision. Do you know what I'm talking about? I'm talking about the Depp v Heard trial. Millions of people around the world watched it on YouTube. But what is a defamation trial? A defamation refers to the act of damaging someone's good reputation. And in this trial, Johnny Depp sued Amber Heard for defamation. And do you know what happened? The jury unanimously ruled in favour of Johnny Depp. But what is a unanimous verdict or decision? It's a decision where all members of the jury agree.   


Four, verdict. Ed Sheeran was involved in a highly publicised copyright trial. He was accused of stealing another artist's song. The jury's verdict was in favour of Ed Sheeran, so he basically won that case. But what does verdict mean? A verdict. It's a decision reached by a jury after a trial. 



Number five, acquit. You or your parents might remember the famous O. J. Simpson trial where this expression was used. If it doesn't fit, you must acquit. Acquit means to be declared innocent of any guilt or wrongdoing.   


And the last one, and it basically links all of these trials together, is under oath. Because when you testify in a trial, you have to swear to tell the whole truth and nothing but the truth, which is basically a fancy way of saying, do you promise? Do you pinky promise? 



Those were some law-related expressions that will help you understand news headlines, trials, or your favourite movies or series.

All rise. You may now subscribe and comment. 
